TODO.rst, before:


General
-------
-> pypi (see http://peterdowns.com/posts/first-time-with-pypi.html)
-> CI
-> Coverage

Python 3 tests


tests
-----
doctests?
more tests for *_make.py
operations
more analyze tests (cf. waterline)

examples
--------
add example with handles ...
example using adaptors
operations

examples/geomplate.py
---------------------
- need examples where the tangency to constraining faces is respected
- fix build_curve_network()

display
-------
******** default backend in a python file and use this instead of hardcoding wx all over the place
******** This is similar to the tolerance.py file



_fixme/triangulation.py
-----------------------
Unexpected results :  3 vertexes, 1 edge, 0 triangle from a face ?


brep
----
u, v parameters checks against domain
call the BRepCheck methods for every type + test

brep/edge.py
------------
curvature, radius etc ... RuntimeError


Future improvements
-------------------
display with topology info (nb vertices, nb edges ....)
  How to find a reference to the panel to display labels with absolute positioning

Commit message:

API : display/topology.py - topology oriented display methods and display_colored_topology.py example

TODO.rst, after:


General
-------
-> pypi (see http://peterdowns.com/posts/first-time-with-pypi.html)
-> CI
-> Coverage

Python 3 tests

tests
-----
doctests?
more tests for *_make.py
operations
geom
more analyze tests (cf. waterline)

meshing
-------
add a meshed (+ factor used) property to the base object not to mesh multiple times

examples
--------
add example with handles ...
example using adaptors
operations

examples/geomplate.py
---------------------
- need examples where the tangency to constraining faces is respected
- fix build_curve_network()

brep
----
u, v parameters checks against domain
call the BRepCheck methods for every type + test

brep/edge.py
------------
curvature, radius etc ... RuntimeError

_fixme/triangulation.py
-----------------------
Unexpected results :  3 vertexes, 1 edge, 0 triangle from a face ?

Future improvements
-------------------
display with topology info (nb vertices, nb edges ....)
  How to find a reference to the panel to display labels with absolute positioning
